[Music]
E Video Lo Manam Pre and Post
Hospitalization Expenses Ki ICICI
Lombard Claim Firmas Ela Feel Chalo
Chum Mundi Post Hospitalization Ate
Amity Indu A Expenses Cover Avata Chum
Hospital Lo Admit Karna Mu
Hospitalization Related
Expenses Ute Watni Pre
Hospitalization Expenses Am
Alaag Dos Tarawata Hospitalization
Related Expenses Am Alaag Dos Tarawata
Hospitalization Related Expenses Am Alaag Dos Tarawata 60 Days
90 Days Lay Cover Ate Watni
Pre and Post Hospitalization Expenses
Lo Investigation Reports
Medical Bills Follow Treatment Expenses
Mari Medical Consultation Section Extra Cover
Ate Watni Pre and Post Hospitalization Claim
Submit Claim Form
Part NFT Form Cancel Cheque Bank Passbook
Front Page  One Month Bank
Statement Patient Health Card Raks
Government ID Proop Raks Mari Pre &
Post Hospitalization Key Related
Documents and TPA Key Submit Me
Hospitalization Claim Approval Aya Ka Mere Mere
Pre & Post
Hospitalization Claim Process Che Satar
Ovel Post Hospitalization Expenses Ami
Lekante
Pre Hospitalization Mari Main
Hospitalization Claim Claim Form Lo Fill
Chesi Pump Vu Main Hospitalization Claim
Ella Fill Chalo Mana Channel Lo Undi Video Link
Description Lo Istan O Sar Chood
Mundgaon Open Songs Mod Pagei Lo Document
Submitted Section Lo Mir A Document Submitted
Naro Akad Tick Mark Chalo Ip Manam Claim
Form Patti Ella Fill Chalo
Section A1 Lo Pre & Post
Hospitalization Expenses Claim Chenar
Kab Pre ​​& Post Hospitalization
Expenses Degar Tick Mark Chalo Section A2
Lo Hospital Lo Admit Me Patient Details
Mention Chalo Patient  Name Health Card Number
Gender Date of Birth Age Occupation Name Current
Address Mobile Number Email ID Mention
Policy Kkunda Were Health
Insurance Policy Name Details Mention Final Name
Ayushman Bharat Health Account Number Name
Number Mention Section a3. Name
Policy Corporate Policy Name Employee ID
Company Name Mention Individual
Policy Name Claim Intimation Number Renewal
Policy Details Name Previous Policy Number
Mention Section a4. Employee Name
Patient Relationship with the Employee Current Year
Policy Number Name Employee Health Card
Number Mention Section a5. Name
Hospitalization Across Hospital
Details Mention Admitted Hospital
Name Name Number Number Room Category Date of
Admission Date of Discharge Date of Treatment Date Details Name Treatment
Details Mention Injury
Across  (a)
Medical Legal Case FIR Details
Mention Final System of Medicine Alopi
No. Ayurvedic Treatment Select any other
treatment related to claim
details Claim Number Mention in
section a6 (b) Additional Policy No.
Top Up Policy No. and Policy Number Mention
in section a7 (c) Health Insurance
Policy No. Health Insurance Policy No.
Tick Mark (d) Policy
Applicable to Company Name Policy Number Sum of Issuer
Details Mention any other health
insurance policy Tick Mark (d)
Remaining Columns Blank (e)
Section a8 Details of Claim Mention Pre
and Post Hospitalization Expenses
Claim Number when Pre Hospitalization
Expenses is Not Available (f) Post Hospitalization
Expenses is Not Available (f)
Total Column in Claim Case Amount
Mention Pre and
Post Hospitalization Expenses
Section a9 Fill in the form of Expenses Claim (
Chanaroo Vat Bill Number Bill Date Bills Attached)
Amount Claim Name
Details Mention Section
a10 Fill in the form of
Document Submit (Chanaroo Vat Tick Mark)
Section 11 Blank Vale Final Date Place
Primary Policy Holder Signature Mention Section
a20 Fill in the form of Part C NFT Form Fill in the form of Policy Holder
Bank Details Mention
Section a3 Patient Name Amount More Than 1 Lakh ...  Details
Mention Chayali Policy Holder Name Bank
Account Number Bank Name Branch Name Bank
Address Alag IFSC Code Number Mention
Chayali Mek E Video Nachin Laate Like Ye
Share Yeh Marini Videos Kosam E Channel Ne
Subscribe
Chey